# CNKI_NewspaperCrawler
A program with the aim of capturing information about articles listed in specified newspapers

It's well known to us that web crawlers are extremely constrained in CNKI, which can be ascribed to the following facts: firstly, CNKI adopts some subtle techniques such as concealing key nodes in its javascript layout of the websites so as to elude the scan of web crawlers. Secondly, CNKI sets up the institution of captcha to verify the nature of visitors, which makes it even harder to automate the process of capturing information. Thirdly, CNKI limits the information available to visitors, which means that even a normal human visitor is unable to access all the information needed. Based upon the facts mentioned above, ordinary approaches of web crawlers are of little use with respect to CNKI. Nonetheless, I develop a bran-new web crawler based upon the technique of sniffering data packets, which is capable of getting rid of the restrictions set by CNKI and executing data acquirement in a very efficient way. Users simply need to designate the key parameters, such as url, headers, start time and end_time etc. I believe this gadget will save a lot of manual labor and time.

The whole program consists of two parts: part I undertakes generating the title list while part II undertakes capturing the articles whose titles are listed in the outcome of part I in the format of PDF. There will be part III that is capable of converting PDF to other formats such as pure string etc. Part II employs a mirror site of CNKI insetad of CNKI itself taking into account the restrictions on downloading volume set by CNKI.
